This file is to keep track of the bugs we know about until we come up
with a better bug tracking system.  Feel free to try your hand at
fixing any of these!

Speakup's Key Echo does not always raise the pitch when upper case characters
are typed.

From: Gene Collins <collins@gene3.ait.iastate.edu>
Subject: floating serial ports problem

Kirk, here is the info on the floating  serial ports problem.

Basicly, the second serial port shows up as one number less if you
start speakup from the command line.  That is, /dev/ttyS2 will be
initialized as /dev/ttyS1, and ttyS1 becomes ttyS0, because speakup
has already registered what would be ttyS0.  When you load modules,
the kernel serial drivers have already initialized all the ports, so
ttyS0 is just unavailable. If you are trying to use a modem on ttyS2,
and then bring speakup up from the command line, ttyS2 is an invalid
device, so the system will not find the modem.  This is problematic if
you are trying to put a getty on ttyS2, and it suddenly is switched
after a reboot to ttyS1 because you started speakup from the command
line rather than as a module. The same holds true for ppp connections.

---- reportedly fixed! ----
 
The DECTalk Express driver is not finding the synth with the git
repository in driver speakup_dectlk.c. Fixed as of Feb 25 2008.

When switching between consoles with the alt-function keys or
alt-left/right arrows speakup is not getting updated to the new
screens cursor position.  I am not sure how long this has been an
issue but I know it is a problem in my 2.6.19.1 system so it's been
around for a while.  This should be fixed in 2.6.24.4 and 2.6.25 (since -rc4).

Starting with 2.6.22 speakup's cut and paste system appears to be
pumping random garbage into the paste position.  This is extremely
dangerous and will very easily hang the computer.  This is fixed as of
April 11, 2008 in the git repository for kernels 2.6.24 and up.

